domain	phylum	class	order	family	genus
otu1	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu3	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu4	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu9	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu37	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu39	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu40	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu41	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu42	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu43	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu44	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu45	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu46	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu47	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu48	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu50	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu51	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu52	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu53	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu54	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu55	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu56	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu57	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu58	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu59	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu60	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu61	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu62	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu63	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu64	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu65	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu66	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu67	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu68	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu69	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu70	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu71	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu72	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu73	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu74	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu75	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu76	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu78	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu79	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu81	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu82	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu83	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu84	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu85	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu87	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu89	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu90	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu92	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu95	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu96	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu98	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu99	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu102	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu105	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu117	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu125	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu131	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu138	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu139	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu149	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu155	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu156	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu158	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu195	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu203	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu229	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu233	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu250	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu271	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu283	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu290	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu299	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu316	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu321	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu340	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu412	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu419	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu428	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu433	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu438	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu445	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu467	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu473	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu476	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu492	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu511	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu515	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu534	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu546	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus
otu652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu677	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu679	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu686	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu703	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu713	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu731	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu736	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu771	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu778	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu789	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu790	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu806	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu847	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu889	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu899	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu911	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu933	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu962	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu1022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu1040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1084	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1090	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu1105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1112	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1113	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1118	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu1120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu1121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu1126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1147	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu1154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1161	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1165	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1189	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu1256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu1271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu1283	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1304	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu1309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1312	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu1330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1346	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1355	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1383	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1394	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1431	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1449	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu1457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1471	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu1519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1523	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1554	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1557	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1569	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1653	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1703	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu1704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1736	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu1768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK59	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified
otu1780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu1781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu1785	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu1800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1804	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu1811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu1822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1855	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1867	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu1881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1883	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu1899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1925	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu1926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu1954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu1958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu1965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu1966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu1972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu1973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu1978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu1994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu1998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu1999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2011	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2018	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2039	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2073	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu2114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2121	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2146	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu2157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2161	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2204	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu2231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu2237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu2263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2271	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2282	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu2308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2316	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu2336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2361	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2363	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2367	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2389	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu2393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu2398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2460	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2470	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2534	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2543	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu2546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu2549	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2553	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2554	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu2566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2569	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2579	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2641	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu2658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2665	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2668	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu2677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu2690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2707	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2721	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu2738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2763	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobaceae_unclassified
otu2767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu2788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu2793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu2826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu2830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu2842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu2862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2864	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu2865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu2876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2883	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu2884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2899	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu2906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu2936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu2971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu2977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu2978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu2981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	GoM-Arch87	GoM-Arch87_unclassified
otu2983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu2989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu2992	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu2997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu3015	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	South African Goldmine Gp(SAGMEG)	South African Goldmine Gp(SAGMEG)_unclassified	South African Goldmine Gp(SAGMEG)_unclassified
otu3028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus
otu3038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3042	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3057	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3075	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3087	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3093	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3100	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3111	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu3168	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu3173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Z7ME43	Z7ME43_unclassified	Z7ME43_unclassified
otu3185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3217	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3233	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu3236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu3238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3240	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3254	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu3260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3289	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3302	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3326	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu3359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu3370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu3387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3391	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu3393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3412	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu3465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu3509	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3544	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3555	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3576	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium
otu3579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu3638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Candidatus Iainarchaeum
otu3640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3653	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu3700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3703	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3736	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu3738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3751	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3752	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3755	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu3768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3778	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu3788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu3789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3790	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	terrestrial group	terrestrial group_unclassified	terrestrial group_unclassified	terrestrial group_unclassified
otu3791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu3794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu3823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu3828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu3834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu3854	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu3857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu3863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu3869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3887	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu3888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3902	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu3905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3919	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu3924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu3939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu3941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu3942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu3949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu3951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu3955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu3956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	TVG8AR30	TVG8AR30_unclassified
otu3971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu3979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu3980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu3990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu3996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu3998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu4037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu4038	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu4049	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu4050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu4063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4111	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu4119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4127	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu4137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4164	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4175	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu4183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu4197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4204	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu4234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu4288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4295	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4303	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu4314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu4315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4316	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobaceae_unclassified
otu4324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4329	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu4365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4368	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4383	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu4391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4414	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu4421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4443	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4445	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu4473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4482	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu4483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4488	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu4509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4513	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4530	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4540	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu4559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu4570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4620	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu4621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4634	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4635	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu4664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu4677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4691	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4697	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4703	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4705	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu4720	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu4745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4778	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu4810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4838	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu4847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu4853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu4879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4880	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu4882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu4901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu4914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu4929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu4930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4939	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4957	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu4960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu4979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4985	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu4988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu4993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu4994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu4995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu4997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu5001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu5014	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5024	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu5064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu5066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu5088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5090	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5093	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu5131	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5148	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu5153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu5166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5219	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5228	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu5239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu5241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5242	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu5247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5251	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5300	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5314	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu5322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu5337	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu5359	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5394	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu5406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu5418	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5419	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu5440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu5476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5500	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu5505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu5518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5523	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5530	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5533	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5542	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu5548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu5561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu5566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5575	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu5585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu5589	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu5599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu5654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5678	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu5683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu5687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu5701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Candidatus Iainarchaeum
otu5711	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu5719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu5723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu5731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5762	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu5765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu5800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5803	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5804	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu5811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu5907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu5908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu5915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu5920	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu5921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5933	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu5934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu5938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5939	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu5960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu5962	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu5969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu5971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu5976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu5980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu5983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu5993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu5995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6008	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu6042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6082	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu6091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu6106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6111	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu6126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6149	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu6151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu6172	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu6173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu6174	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu6185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu6216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu6256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu6264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu6267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu6280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6283	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6300	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu6341	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu6345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6363	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6374	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6394	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6414	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu6423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu6426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6435	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6438	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6447	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6500	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu6512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu6547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu6617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu6636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6639	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6678	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6696	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6713	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6721	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu6724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu6727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6744	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu6745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6751	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu6757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu6817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK31	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified
otu6821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu6824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu6839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu6840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu6863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu6879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu6891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu6897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu6898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu6903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6911	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu6922	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6923	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu6924	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu6926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu6939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6944	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu6945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu6955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu6963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6972	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu6974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu6989	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu6993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu6995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu6999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu7006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu7007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu7024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7053	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7060	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu7079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7086	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7090	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu7118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7151	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7154	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7171	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7198	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7204	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7219	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7240	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu7257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu7274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7298	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7312	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu7334	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7335	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu7343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu7422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu7498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu7502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu7517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7555	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu7575	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7610	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu7617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu7641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7674	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu7678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu7701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu7703	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu7705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu7732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halogranum
otu7748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7856	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu7867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu7896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu7901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7904	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu7913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu7927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu7933	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu7935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu7941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu7955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu7985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu7994	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu7995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu8001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu8020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8085	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8111	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu8126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8128	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8168	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu8184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu8186	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu8194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8204	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu8242	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8256	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu8257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu8260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu8267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8287	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8298	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu8307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu8314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu8318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu8324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8327	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8383	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu8397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu8407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu8439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu8454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu8482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8557	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8569	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8592	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8639	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu8657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu8690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8707	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu8708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8711	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu8716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8721	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8754	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu8755	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8762	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu8768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu8773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu8784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu8788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu8800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu8820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu8830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu8840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8847	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu8851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu8883	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8899	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu8919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu8937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK59	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified
otu8945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8962	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu8965	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu8982	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu8986	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu8988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu8989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu8995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu8997	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu8998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu9025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9031	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9049	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9087	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9090	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9115	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu9119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu9128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK31	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified
otu9131	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu9145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9148	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9164	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu9177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	South African Gold Mine Gp 1(SAGMCG-1)	South African Gold Mine Gp 1(SAGMCG-1)_unclassified	South African Gold Mine Gp 1(SAGMCG-1)_unclassified	South African Gold Mine Gp 1(SAGMCG-1)_unclassified
otu9187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu9191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu9198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9241	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu9269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9291	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu9307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9312	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu9371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9383	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu9433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu9443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9476	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9489	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu9505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu9515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9531	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9571	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu9574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu9580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9588	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu9590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu9603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9612	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9628	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu9634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu9653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu9655	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu9669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu9688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9699	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu9706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu9708	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu9715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9725	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9765	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu9766	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9778	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu9799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu9827	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu9861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9874	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu9881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu9909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu9922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9938	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu9942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu9973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu9976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu9979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu9980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu9985	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9991	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu9992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu9993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu9996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu9999	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10009	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10016	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10057	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu10079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu10086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10100	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10112	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu10142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu10145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu10182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu10208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10217	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10236	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu10240	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	pMC2A209	pMC2A209_unclassified	pMC2A209_unclassified	pMC2A209_unclassified
otu10241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10243	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu10287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10288	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10317	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu10332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu10348	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10361	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK31	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified
otu10364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu10376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10399	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalophilus
otu10412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu10440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu10442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10463	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10469	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu10483	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10486	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu10509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10512	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10531	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10538	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10543	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu10557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10567	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10591	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu10618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10632	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10635	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10639	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu10676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10693	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10731	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu10775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10799	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10823	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10827	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10830	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu10838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10845	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu10855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10869	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu10880	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10881	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10883	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10887	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10894	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10895	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10924	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10927	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10928	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu10934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10935	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu10936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10938	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu10939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu10961	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu10979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu10984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu10989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu10991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu10994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu10996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu10997	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu10998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu11001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11016	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11019	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11023	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11045	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu11087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11089	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11093	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11107	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11117	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11137	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu11170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu11172	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11206	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu11211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu11233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu11240	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11245	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11269	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu11271	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu11278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11289	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11315	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11317	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11319	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11321	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11328	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu11339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11341	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11343	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11346	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11364	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu11365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11368	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11370	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11374	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11376	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11383	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11406	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11431	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11432	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu11437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11447	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu11450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11462	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11470	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11497	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11511	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11519	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11529	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu11541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11544	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11547	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11575	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu11599	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11610	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11611	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11615	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu11639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11647	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu11663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11665	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11667	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11680	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu11688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11697	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu11700	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11715	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11719	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11720	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu11723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu11726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11741	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu11782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11791	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11795	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11797	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11799	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu11807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu11814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu11816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu11818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11820	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11831	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11838	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11840	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11844	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11848	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu11862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu11877	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu11902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu11904	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11916	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11925	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu11926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu11943	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu11944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11945	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu11949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu11958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu11975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11976	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu11977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu11983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu11989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu11995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu11998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12003	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12012	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12014	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12023	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12026	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu12044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu12050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu12054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu12055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu12072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12074	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12084	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12087	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12088	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu12093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12094	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu12123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12168	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu12195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12198	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12205	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu12213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu12239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu12246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu12278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12281	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12287	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12294	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12295	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12310	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu12317	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu12326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu12327	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12328	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu12337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu12369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu12377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu12408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12418	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu12420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu12426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12434	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12443	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu12444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu12452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12467	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu12482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu12501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12506	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12507	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12515	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12525	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12530	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12538	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12540	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12544	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12547	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12552	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12556	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12571	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12578	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu12586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12590	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu12595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12614	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12665	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12666	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12671	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiales Incertae Sedis	Methanocalculus
otu12686	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12700	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12704	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12713	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12718	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu12723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12731	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu12753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu12754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu12769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12770	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12771	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu12773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu12786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12790	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12793	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu12805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12813	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12822	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12834	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiales Incertae Sedis	Methanocalculus
otu12842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12873	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12889	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu12890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12911	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12913	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12957	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12958	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu12960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12962	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12965	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu12967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu12972	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu12981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu12986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu12987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu12989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu12991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu12992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu12996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu12998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu13003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13009	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13012	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13017	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu13025	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu13040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu13043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK31	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified
otu13044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13048	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13060	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu13080	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13089	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13094	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13118	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13128	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu13160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13187	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13195	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu13243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13252	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13311	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13343	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu13350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu13355	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13359	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13364	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu13372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13376	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13380	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu13387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13396	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13399	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13414	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13429	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13439	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13449	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13462	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu13479	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13488	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu13506	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13509	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu13529	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13531	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13536	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13541	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13544	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13556	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu13575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13579	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13589	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13592	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13593	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13597	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13599	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu13619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13643	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13653	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13671	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13672	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13673	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13691	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu13715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13721	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu13747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu13764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu13769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13770	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu13780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13781	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu13813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13828	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13849	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13854	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13861	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13867	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu13878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13881	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13892	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified
otu13915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu13926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13927	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13931	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13939	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13945	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu13948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu13951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13958	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu13976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu13983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu13986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu13991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu13995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu13997	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu13998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14023	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu14028	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14030	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14031	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu14037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu14045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14055	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14072	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14073	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14077	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14094	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14105	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14107	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu14112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14138	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14163	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14164	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu14168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14187	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu14205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu14209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu14216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14225	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14245	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14289	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14311	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14329	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14337	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14338	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14363	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14369	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14392	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14402	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14422	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14426	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu14429	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu14433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14467	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14473	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14483	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu14505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14507	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14525	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14533	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14534	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14553	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14571	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu14572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14578	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu14656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu14665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14681	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu14708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14711	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu14721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14735	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu14743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu14746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14766	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu14770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu14780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu14787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14797	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14803	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu14821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu14834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu14836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu14837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14843	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu14846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14850	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14851	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu14874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14881	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu14898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu14905	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu14909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu14914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14916	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu14918	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14920	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14925	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu14937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14942	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu14953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14958	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14965	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu14973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu14977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu14991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14992	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu14993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu14998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15000	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15015	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	F2apm1A36	F2apm1A36_unclassified
otu15018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15025	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu15036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15042	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu15050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15077	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15080	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu15092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15108	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15113	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15115	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15116	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15118	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15125	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15127	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu15129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15154	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15155	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15165	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu15176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15178	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu15224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalophilus
otu15231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalophilus
otu15258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu15265	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15269	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcina
otu15295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15310	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu15328	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15329	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15338	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15340	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu15350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15363	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15380	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15398	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15399	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu15416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15437	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15450	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu15474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15480	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15509	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu15510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15513	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15520	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15528	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15529	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15531	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15543	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15546	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu15552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15553	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15556	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15557	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu15567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15590	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15592	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15593	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu15606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15634	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15640	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15658	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu15669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15679	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15680	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15694	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15699	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15705	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15715	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu15720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15727	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu15735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15736	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu15747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu15751	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu15753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu15756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15766	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15794	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15801	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu15804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu15808	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu15810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15847	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15848	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15856	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu15859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu15871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15873	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15877	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu15881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15887	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu15898	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu15917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu15932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu15956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu15960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu15966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15969	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu15974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu15981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu15989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu15992	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu15993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu15996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu15999	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu16012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16018	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu16026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16030	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16031	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16045	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16074	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16088	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16107	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16109	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16131	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16139	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16146	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16149	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16154	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16158	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16166	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16187	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu16192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16225	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16235	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16236	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu16244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16269	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16317	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu16335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu16353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16368	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu16371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16379	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu16411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu16428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16466	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16490	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16500	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16516	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16540	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16554	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16563	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu16571	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16578	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu16596	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu16599	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16614	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu16621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16632	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu16644	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu16646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16650	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16677	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16680	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16690	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16691	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16694	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16696	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu16701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16715	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16722	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu16740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu16742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16753	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16755	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16765	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16766	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16771	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16785	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16791	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu16792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16799	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu16800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16813	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16828	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16844	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16845	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16854	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu16865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu16891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu16895	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu16904	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16905	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu16910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16916	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16921	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16925	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16928	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu16935	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu16947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16954	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu16962	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu16963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16965	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16972	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu16980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu16982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu16990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu16993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu16996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu16998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17003	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu17014	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17021	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17030	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17047	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17050	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu17056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu17061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17065	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17075	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu17087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17089	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu17150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17151	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17169	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu17181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17199	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17228	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu17233	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17247	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu17252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17257	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu17265	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu17279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17289	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17294	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17312	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17332	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17337	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu17346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu17400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu17409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17415	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu17427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17435	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17466	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17479	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu17493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu17502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17513	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17529	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17538	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17556	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17562	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu17582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu17584	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17597	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17620	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17644	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu17663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu17665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu17673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu17678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17693	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17704	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17710	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	GoM-Arch87	GoM-Arch87_unclassified
otu17722	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17752	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu17759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu17761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17781	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu17797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17811	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17823	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu17840	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17867	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17877	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17905	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu17914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu17917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu17921	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17923	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu17935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu17939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17945	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu17959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17964	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17968	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu17974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu17977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu17978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu17985	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu17990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu17995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu17998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu17999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18004	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18011	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu18015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18017	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18028	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18057	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu18062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu18066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18091	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu18110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18112	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu18121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu18126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18128	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18135	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18137	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu18142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18156	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18159	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18169	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18178	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18191	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18235	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18238	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18241	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18242	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18287	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu18292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18299	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18310	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18329	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18334	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18336	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18346	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu18357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu18360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18373	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18375	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18389	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18391	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18398	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18403	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18419	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18429	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu18437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu18442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18444	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu18509	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18512	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18515	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18518	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18529	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18533	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18549	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu18568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu18569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu18592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18596	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18608	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18611	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18632	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18638	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu18657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18658	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu18667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18671	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18678	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu18682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18683	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu18692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu18705	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18720	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18723	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu18764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18771	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18798	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18801	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18807	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18811	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18813	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu18820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu18829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18831	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18840	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18861	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	TVG8AR30	TVG8AR30_unclassified
otu18876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu18908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu18919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu18931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18933	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu18935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu18938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18939	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18946	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu18956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu18960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18961	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu18964	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18969	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18981	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu18984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu18996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu18998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19017	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19038	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19048	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19053	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19058	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19074	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19092	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19116	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu19119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19120	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19124	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu19137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu19161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu19165	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19166	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19172	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19184	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19186	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu19203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu19223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19228	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19229	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19235	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu19250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19252	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu19262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu19272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19283	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19293	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19295	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19299	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19300	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu19311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu19335	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19337	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19338	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19343	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu19347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19351	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu19361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19389	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19427	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu19433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19439	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19444	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu19458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19460	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19479	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu19483	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu19489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19497	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu19503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19507	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19511	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19513	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19514	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19516	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19612	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu19615	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19620	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19628	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19641	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19665	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19668	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19679	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19687	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19690	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19691	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19702	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19703	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu19724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu19757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu19773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu19784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	GoM-Arch87	GoM-Arch87_unclassified
otu19791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu19813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu19832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19835	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu19838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19841	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu19842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu19850	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19864	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu19873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu19897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu19916	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu19943	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu19949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu19953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu19958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu19963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19968	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19970	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu19971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu19995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu19999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20000	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20019	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20022	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu20025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu20034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20048	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20069	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20077	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20092	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu20116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu20123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu20139	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu20144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu20145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20159	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20161	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20162	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20166	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20184	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20199	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20207	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu20220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu20237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu20249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20251	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20257	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20265	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20281	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu20286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20289	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20294	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20317	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20321	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20332	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20351	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu20353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20359	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20370	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20373	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu20422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20437	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20459	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20463	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20471	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20472	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20476	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20488	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20506	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu20518	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20520	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20538	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20541	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20544	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20554	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20560	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20562	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20570	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20576	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20617	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20630	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu20635	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20638	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu20643	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20654	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20666	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20674	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20679	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu20681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu20683	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20684	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20703	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20710	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20718	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20720	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20755	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu20766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20780	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20786	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20801	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu20806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20807	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20808	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu20812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20824	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu20825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20855	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu20859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20861	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu20874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20881	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20883	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20890	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu20911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20918	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20919	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20927	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu20934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20938	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20942	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu20958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu20983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20989	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu20990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu20991	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu20992	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20994	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu20997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu20999	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21003	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21008	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21012	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu21031	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21049	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21053	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu21055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu21058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21071	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu21079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21092	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21106	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21109	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21120	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21149	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21154	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21158	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21189	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21195	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu21215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21218	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu21230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21249	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21256	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21288	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21294	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21307	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21315	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu21332	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21336	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21337	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21348	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21355	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21379	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21380	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21402	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21403	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21412	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21429	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21445	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21450	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21462	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21472	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu21474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21490	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu21498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21523	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21525	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21613	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21614	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21615	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21632	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21634	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu21642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21660	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21667	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu21677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21681	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21704	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21716	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21720	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu21726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21744	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21752	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21763	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21776	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu21799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu21815	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21827	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21835	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21848	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21849	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu21869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21879	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu21886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu21896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21900	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21907	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobaceae_unclassified
otu21914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21918	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21920	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu21931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21935	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21946	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu21947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu21949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu21967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21974	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu21976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21982	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu21985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu21989	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu21991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu21999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22000	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22022	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22069	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22082	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22085	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22086	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22087	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu22108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22119	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22125	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu22133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22135	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22138	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22160	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22162	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu22184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22197	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	HTM1036Pn-A14	HTM1036Pn-A14_unclassified	HTM1036Pn-A14_unclassified
otu22199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22231	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22233	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu22235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu22237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22252	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22253	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu22273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22302	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22326	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22334	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu22347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22398	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu22414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu22416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanocellales	BS-K-E9	BS-K-E9_unclassified
otu22418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22438	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22443	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22444	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22446	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22466	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22507	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu22512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22530	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu22535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22544	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22550	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22560	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22562	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu22578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22584	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22587	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22613	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22641	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu22643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu22651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22654	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu22661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu22679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu22683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22686	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22704	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu22723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22725	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu22734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu22757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22762	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu22784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22794	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22798	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu22801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22804	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK59	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified
otu22820	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22825	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu22832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22843	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu22875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22890	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu22899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22925	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22939	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu22962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu22965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu22968	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu22975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu22979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu22986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu22991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22993	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22994	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu22997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu22999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23003	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23024	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23025	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23026	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23028	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu23037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu23040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu23052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23057	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu23072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23077	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23082	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Terrestrial Miscellaneous Gp(TMEG)	Terrestrial Miscellaneous Gp(TMEG)_unclassified
otu23089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23102	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23107	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23112	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23135	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23147	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23172	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23176	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23184	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23198	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23202	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23208	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23238	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23240	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23245	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu23257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu23270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23281	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23282	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23291	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23315	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23319	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu23335	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23341	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23343	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23350	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu23354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23355	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23361	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23369	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23402	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23431	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23432	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23470	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23476	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23489	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23503	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu23531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu23544	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23588	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23592	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23600	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23618	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu23629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu23634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu23642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu23649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu23664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23672	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23679	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23687	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23688	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23693	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23729	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu23748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu23762	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu23775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu23778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu23788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu23794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu23802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu23823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23835	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23838	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu23840	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23855	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23867	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu23885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu23906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23930	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23936	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23943	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23944	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu23964	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu23974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu23987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu23992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu23994	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu23998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu23999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24030	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24039	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24049	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24054	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24073	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24075	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24085	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24088	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24090	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24109	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24125	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu24135	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24142	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24151	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24155	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24163	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24176	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24189	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu24192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24202	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24204	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24205	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24207	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24217	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24219	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24244	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24251	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24255	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24282	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24293	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24295	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24301	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24304	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24309	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24314	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24331	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24336	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24340	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24364	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24368	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu24380	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu24394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu24396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24399	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24408	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24415	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24418	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24419	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24422	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24428	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24432	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24434	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24444	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24445	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24447	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24457	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24470	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24471	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu24485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24513	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24541	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24543	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24560	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24571	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu24578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu24584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24597	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24600	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu24602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24608	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24612	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu24636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu24648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24650	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24658	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24665	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24671	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24699	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24724	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24741	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu24753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu24772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24789	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24798	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24813	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu24822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24834	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24837	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24838	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu24850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24854	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24869	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu24891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24895	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24911	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24916	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu24919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu24923	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24925	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu24932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24936	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24938	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu24945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24956	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu24960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24961	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24964	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu24980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu24982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu24991	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu24992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu24993	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu24996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu24997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu25005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25008	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25015	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25030	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25045	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25075	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25089	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25105	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25118	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25126	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25127	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu25139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25149	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25156	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu25167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25171	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25176	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25186	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25187	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25191	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25205	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25211	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu25219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25220	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25228	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25246	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25252	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25256	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25283	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25290	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu25298	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25307	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu25310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25321	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25331	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25373	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25374	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu25398	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25399	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25402	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25418	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu25422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25429	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25435	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25438	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu25452	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25459	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu25468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25479	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25481	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25482	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25507	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25512	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25527	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25534	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu25535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu25543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25546	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25556	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25572	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu25595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu25601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu25602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu25610	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu25628	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25640	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25644	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25650	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25677	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25678	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25687	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu25700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25707	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25709	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu25721	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu25736	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25744	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25745	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25771	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25794	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25797	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25798	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25803	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25806	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25810	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25824	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25829	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25850	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25898	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25899	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25901	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25904	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu25905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu25907	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu25920	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25925	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu25927	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu25929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25934	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25936	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25946	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu25958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu25966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu25977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25981	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25986	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25989	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu25990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu25993	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu25995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu25996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26003	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26009	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26012	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26017	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26020	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26026	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu26046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26053	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu26056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26084	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26094	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26106	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26111	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26116	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu26118	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26120	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26139	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu26156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26158	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26164	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26170	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu26172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26191	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26215	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26229	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26244	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26253	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26272	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26282	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26283	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26290	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26293	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26308	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26312	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26316	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26331	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26346	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26364	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26372	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26379	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26391	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu26435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26439	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26443	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26446	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu26455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26469	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26471	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26474	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26486	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26492	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26494	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26519	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26520	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26532	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu26536	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu26540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26542	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26550	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26564	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26579	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26585	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu26589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26590	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26593	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26597	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26608	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26617	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26637	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26639	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26654	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26655	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu26679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu26680	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26681	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu26705	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu26713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu26720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26727	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26736	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu26753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26761	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu26770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu26773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26774	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu26787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26793	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26799	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26800	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26829	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26835	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26853	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26869	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu26870	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26873	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26901	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu26904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26905	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26907	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26931	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26935	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu26942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu26943	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26946	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu26956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu26957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu26971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26976	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu26978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu26980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu26991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu26995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu26997	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu26999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27001	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu27007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27008	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27016	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27021	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27026	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27048	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27062	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu27064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27069	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27117	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27145	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27147	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu27181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27189	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu27196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu27197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27199	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27203	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27207	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27218	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27219	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu27223	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu27230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27241	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27243	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27245	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu27255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27269	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu27277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27302	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27303	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27309	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27336	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27346	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu27365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu27370	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27394	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27404	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu27411	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu27417	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu27421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27429	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Candidatus Iainarchaeum
otu27435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu27446	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27448	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27449	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27450	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27455	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu27461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu27464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu27465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu27468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27478	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27482	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27497	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27501	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27518	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27520	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu27522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27528	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27544	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27550	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27566	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27570	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu27589	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27600	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu27612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu27625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27640	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27655	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu27657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27666	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27678	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu27699	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu27718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27722	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27735	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27736	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu27745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27752	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27758	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27763	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27772	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27795	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27806	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu27821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu27826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu27862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27869	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27874	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu27890	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu27891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27892	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27903	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27906	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu27917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu27918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27919	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27921	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27922	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27927	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu27931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu27938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu27941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27942	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27946	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu27952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu27953	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu27963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27967	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosaetaceae	Methanosaeta
otu27968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu27969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu27976	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27985	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu27987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu27993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu27995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu27996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28000	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28024	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu28037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28060	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28061	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28068	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28069	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu28073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28078	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28088	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28093	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28102	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28103	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28124	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28137	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28140	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28146	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28155	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28158	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28169	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28174	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28176	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28180	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28186	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu28197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28202	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28218	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28220	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28226	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu28234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28238	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28242	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28244	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28252	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28265	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28269	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28270	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28271	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu28280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28283	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28295	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu28305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28306	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28310	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28313	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28319	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28321	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28322	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28330	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28340	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28355	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28365	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28367	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28376	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28378	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28387	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28397	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28411	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28418	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28419	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu28441	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu28466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28489	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28497	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28508	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28515	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28523	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28543	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28544	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28550	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28552	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28562	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu28590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28591	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28594	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28596	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28609	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28619	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Fe-A-9	Fe-A-9_unclassified	Fe-A-9_unclassified
otu28648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28672	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu28676	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28696	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28697	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu28708	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu28719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28722	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28732	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28734	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28736	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28744	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28764	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28779	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu28784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28785	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu28792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28797	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28804	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28806	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu28822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28826	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu28841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28843	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28850	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28856	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28857	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28865	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28884	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28886	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28889	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28892	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu28897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu28901	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu28903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28907	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28908	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28919	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28921	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu28923	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28926	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28937	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28943	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28945	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu28955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28957	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28958	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu28963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu28965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28971	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu28977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu28979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu28989	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu28998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu28999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29001	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu29005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29009	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29013	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29015	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29016	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29018	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29022	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu29023	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29024	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu29032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29033	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu29034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu29051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu29054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29060	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29071	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29077	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29084	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29086	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29088	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu29099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29102	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29108	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29113	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu29114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29124	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29126	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29159	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29163	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29165	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29168	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29174	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29183	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29188	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29189	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu29199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29200	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29206	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29217	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29228	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29236	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29250	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29256	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29263	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29278	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29280	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides
otu29284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29287	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29290	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29296	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29297	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29302	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29322	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29327	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29331	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29352	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29371	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29373	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29377	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29392	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29396	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29403	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu29408	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29426	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29428	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29433	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu29436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29468	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29470	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29473	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29489	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29510	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29512	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29530	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu29533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu29549	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29552	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29570	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29575	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29605	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29621	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29635	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29646	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29647	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29658	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29664	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29672	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29673	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29676	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29681	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29682	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29690	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29701	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29704	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29705	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29713	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK59	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified	AK59_unclassified
otu29714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29736	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29757	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29766	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29770	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29774	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29775	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29777	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29787	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29789	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29791	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29793	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29794	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29795	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29799	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29818	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29825	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29830	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29842	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29843	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29848	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29856	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu29858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29866	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29877	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu29883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29885	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29887	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29893	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29898	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29900	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu29907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29919	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29924	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29925	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu29949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu29952	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29960	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu29963	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29978	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu29979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu29983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu29984	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Candidatus Iainarchaeum
otu29986	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu29988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29991	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu29993	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu29995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29997	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu29998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu29999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu30003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30010	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu30014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30022	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30035	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30045	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30057	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30058	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30059	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu30061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30065	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30073	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30075	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30085	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu30105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30109	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30113	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu30114	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30115	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcinaceae_unclassified
otu30117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30125	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu30129	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30131	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30135	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30136	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30153	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu30155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu30158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30159	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30163	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30166	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30170	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30171	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30175	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30178	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30179	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30181	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu30183	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30186	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30197	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30200	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30201	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30207	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30213	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30214	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30218	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30219	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30234	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30243	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30244	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30250	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30253	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30255	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30262	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30267	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30275	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30277	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30282	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30283	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30294	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30298	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30311	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30315	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30331	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30339	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30347	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30360	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30392	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified	Terrestrial Hot Spring Gp(THSCG)_unclassified
otu30396	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu30404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30409	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30422	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu30423	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30432	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30435	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30449	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30463	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30473	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30491	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30506	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30508	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu30511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30516	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30518	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30522	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30538	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30542	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30546	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30549	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30552	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu30568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30570	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30578	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30581	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30583	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30584	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30588	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30596	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30601	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30606	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30611	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30614	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu30620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30639	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu30655	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30667	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30673	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30675	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	ANT06-05	ANT06-05_unclassified
otu30684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30686	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30687	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30698	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30710	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus
otu30713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30718	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30723	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30727	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30729	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30738	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30762	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30765	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30769	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobaceae_unclassified
otu30776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30783	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu30801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30803	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30805	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30817	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30824	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30825	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30827	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30844	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30845	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu30851	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30854	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu30858	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30867	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu30885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30897	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu30901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30925	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30928	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu30931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30942	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30944	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30945	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30947	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30951	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu30952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30953	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30959	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30965	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu30969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30972	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu30974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu30977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu30979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30985	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu30987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu30990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu30992	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu30996	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu30997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu30998	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31006	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31007	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu31010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31015	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31017	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31019	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31028	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31029	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu31030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31032	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu31036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31039	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31042	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31056	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31057	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31064	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31066	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu31069	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31070	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31071	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu31083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31084	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31086	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu31093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31101	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31109	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31117	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31119	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31123	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31142	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31143	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu31144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31173	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31175	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31192	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31193	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31195	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31202	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu31217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31220	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31235	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31238	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31241	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31250	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31251	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31252	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31254	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31255	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31256	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu31257	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu31264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31266	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31268	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31269	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31271	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu31274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu31281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31291	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31292	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31298	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31304	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31314	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31320	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31328	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31330	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31334	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu31350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31354	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31358	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31359	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu31362	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu31368	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31371	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31374	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31375	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu31376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31379	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu31385	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31388	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31392	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31394	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31396	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31398	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31400	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31402	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK31	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified	AK31_unclassified
otu31403	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31409	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31410	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31412	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31415	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31425	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31426	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31434	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu31437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu31439	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31442	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31446	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31450	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31457	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31461	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu31464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu31465	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu31469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31475	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31480	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31487	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31488	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31493	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31497	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31499	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31503	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31505	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31508	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31515	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31521	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31530	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31536	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31539	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31541	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu31555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31559	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu31562	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31563	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31566	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31576	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu31583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31584	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31589	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31590	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu31596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31599	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31615	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31619	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31620	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31626	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31629	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31633	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31640	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31642	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu31649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu31652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31653	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31654	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31656	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31659	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31671	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31672	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31683	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31685	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31686	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31687	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31690	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu31691	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31694	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31697	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31699	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31702	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31707	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31712	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31714	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31715	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31721	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31723	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31739	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31748	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31751	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31760	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31763	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31766	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31768	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31790	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31793	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31795	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu31804	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31809	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu31819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31822	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31825	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31832	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31846	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31849	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31850	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31852	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31855	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu31861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31864	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31865	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31869	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31871	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31876	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31877	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu31880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31882	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu31884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31887	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31894	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31901	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu31902	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu31905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31909	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31911	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31913	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu31917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu31920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu31926	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31932	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31933	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31937	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31938	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31939	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31941	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu31942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31944	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu31947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu31948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu31954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu31955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31957	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu31966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31972	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31975	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31976	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu31977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31984	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31992	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu31996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu31998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32006	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu32010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32011	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32018	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32019	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32020	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32023	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32025	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32028	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32031	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32038	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu32040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32042	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32047	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32048	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32053	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu32058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu32063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32069	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32070	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu32086	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32087	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu32093	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu32098	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32100	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32101	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32102	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32108	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32111	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32115	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32124	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32126	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32127	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32133	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32147	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32148	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32151	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu32155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32161	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu32168	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32169	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32173	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32174	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32176	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32183	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32191	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32195	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32196	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu32199	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32210	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32216	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32229	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32230	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32233	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32235	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32243	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32255	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32257	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32258	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32270	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified	Thermoplasmatales_unclassified
otu32276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32278	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32279	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32288	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32291	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32299	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32303	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32304	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32313	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32331	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu32338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu32341	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32342	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32344	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32345	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32346	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32347	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32348	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32360	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32364	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32368	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32373	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32376	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32377	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32380	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32381	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32384	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32391	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32393	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32395	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32398	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32404	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32425	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32428	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32444	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32445	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32450	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32453	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu32454	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32455	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32456	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32459	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32468	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32471	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32472	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32473	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32477	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32479	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32480	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32483	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32485	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32486	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32488	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32489	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32492	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32497	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32498	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32511	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu32520	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32524	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32525	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32529	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu32540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32541	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32546	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32547	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32557	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32563	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32573	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32577	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32579	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32586	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32587	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32590	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32593	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32598	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32600	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32602	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32607	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32612	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32620	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu32628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu32634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32638	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32641	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32645	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32646	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32647	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32650	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32651	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu32655	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32662	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32663	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32667	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32670	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32672	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu32677	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32683	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32685	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32689	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32690	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu32696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32706	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32707	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32710	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32715	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32718	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32722	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32737	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32742	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32750	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32751	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32754	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32756	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32759	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32765	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu32767	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32772	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32785	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu32787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32789	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu32791	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32792	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32795	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32809	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu32810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32811	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32820	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32821	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32825	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32831	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32844	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32847	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32848	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32857	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32858	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32860	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32863	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32864	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32879	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32885	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32891	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32892	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32901	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32903	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32905	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32909	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32910	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32915	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32916	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32918	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32919	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32926	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32928	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu32929	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu32931	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32934	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32938	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32941	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32946	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32947	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu32948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32958	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu32959	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32962	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu32968	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32970	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu32972	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32973	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32976	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu32977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32979	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32980	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu32982	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu32983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32993	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu32999	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33008	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33009	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33011	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33012	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33024	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33025	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33027	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33029	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33034	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33035	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33036	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33043	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33046	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33050	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33056	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33058	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu33060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33063	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33067	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33078	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified	Soil Crenarchaeotic Group(SCG)_unclassified
otu33081	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33090	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33091	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33097	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33104	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33109	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu33110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33112	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33115	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33116	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33122	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu33130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33133	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified
otu33135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33136	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33145	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33149	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33150	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu33157	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33165	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33169	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33176	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33177	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33178	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33181	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33185	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu33190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33191	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33194	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33201	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33205	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33212	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33213	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33214	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33215	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33219	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33220	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33225	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33227	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33230	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33231	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33232	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33233	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33235	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu33237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33239	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33240	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33248	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu33250	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33253	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33254	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33256	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33257	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33258	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33261	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33271	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33273	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33274	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33275	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33284	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33290	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33297	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu33299	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33300	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33309	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33310	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33311	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33317	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33321	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33323	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33324	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33325	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33326	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33327	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33328	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33330	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33334	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33348	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33349	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33353	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33354	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33366	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33370	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33374	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33381	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33382	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33387	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33396	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33401	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33406	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33407	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33408	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33411	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanocellales	BS-K-E9	BS-K-E9_unclassified
otu33414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu33422	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33424	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33426	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33427	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33428	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33430	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu33431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33433	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33435	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33436	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33439	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33447	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33448	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33458	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33460	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33461	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33470	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33472	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33478	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33480	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33483	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33486	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33488	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33490	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33495	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33496	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33498	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33517	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33522	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33525	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu33526	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33533	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu33535	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33536	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33540	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33547	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33548	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33549	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33550	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33553	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33554	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33555	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33558	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33559	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33561	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33564	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33567	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33570	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33576	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33578	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33579	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33582	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33589	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33590	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33591	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33595	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33600	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33601	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33602	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33606	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33609	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33615	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33622	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33624	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33627	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33636	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33648	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33649	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33650	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33654	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33661	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu33668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu33674	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33677	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33678	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33679	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33689	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33691	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33692	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33694	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33696	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33702	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu33704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33705	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33710	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33717	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33723	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33730	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33735	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33737	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33742	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33744	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33750	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33752	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33755	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33756	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33760	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33761	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33764	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33773	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33774	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33777	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33793	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33796	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33798	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33800	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu33802	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33804	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33812	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu33813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33814	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33815	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33819	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33823	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33829	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33830	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33831	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33833	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33835	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33840	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33843	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu33846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33853	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu33854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33855	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33859	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33863	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33864	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33867	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu33875	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33881	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33884	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33887	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33889	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33896	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33902	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33907	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33910	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33915	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33918	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33921	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33923	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu33928	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33929	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33932	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu33940	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33948	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33951	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33952	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33955	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33960	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33961	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33963	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33964	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu33966	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33968	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33974	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu33977	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu33983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33985	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu33987	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33988	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33990	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu33994	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu33995	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu33998	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu34002	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34005	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34007	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34009	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34010	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34013	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34014	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34017	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34024	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34026	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34027	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34032	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34033	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34037	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34039	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34041	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34052	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34060	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34066	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34068	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34071	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34076	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34079	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34083	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34089	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34092	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34093	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34095	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34096	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34097	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34103	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34105	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34106	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34110	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34114	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34116	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34118	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34124	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34129	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34130	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34132	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34134	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34138	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34140	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34141	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34146	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34148	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34151	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34152	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34153	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34155	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34156	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34157	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34160	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34162	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34165	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34167	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34171	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34177	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34178	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34180	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34182	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34183	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu34188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34189	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34192	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34194	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34196	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34198	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34202	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34207	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34209	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34217	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34221	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34222	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	D-F10	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified	D-F10_unclassified
otu34225	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34236	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34242	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34249	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34251	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34254	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34277	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34279	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34281	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34282	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34285	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34288	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34295	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34296	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34300	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34302	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34305	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34306	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34310	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34320	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34325	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34326	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34327	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu34329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34332	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34333	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34340	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34341	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu34345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34347	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34350	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34352	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34353	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34357	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34365	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu34374	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34376	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34379	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34380	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34382	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34386	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34388	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34391	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34395	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34396	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34405	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu34410	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34412	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu34413	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34415	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34416	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34419	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34420	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34421	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34422	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34424	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalophilus
otu34427	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34430	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34431	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34434	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34440	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34441	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34444	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34445	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34447	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34451	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34452	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34453	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34454	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34458	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34462	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34463	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34464	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34475	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34480	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34483	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34484	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34485	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34490	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34500	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34501	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu34502	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34504	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34506	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34507	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu34510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34511	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34513	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	MKCST-A3	MKCST-A3_unclassified
otu34514	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34517	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34521	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34523	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34534	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34537	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34539	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34541	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34542	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34545	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34550	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34551	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34554	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34557	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34560	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34564	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34565	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34568	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34573	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34576	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34581	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34583	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34585	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34586	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu34587	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34591	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34592	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34599	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34604	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34607	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34608	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified	Euryarchaeota_unclassified
otu34610	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34611	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group III	Marine Group III_unclassified
otu34615	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34616	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34621	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34623	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34643	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34645	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34649	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34652	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34656	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34657	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34659	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34663	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34666	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34669	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34671	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34673	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34674	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34675	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34677	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34682	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34683	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu34690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34695	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34701	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34704	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34706	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34708	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34711	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu34712	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34716	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34717	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34720	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34722	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34726	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34728	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34729	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34732	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34733	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34738	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34740	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34743	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34746	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34747	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34749	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34753	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu34759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34767	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34768	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu34769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34771	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34782	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34784	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34785	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34788	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34792	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34794	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34802	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34805	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34806	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34813	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34816	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34825	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34831	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34832	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34838	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34839	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34847	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34850	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34852	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34856	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34868	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34874	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34876	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34877	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34878	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34888	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34889	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34891	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34894	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34901	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34904	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34908	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34912	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34913	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu34917	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34923	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34924	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu34928	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34935	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34940	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34942	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34943	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34948	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34949	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34950	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34954	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu34955	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34956	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu34957	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34965	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu34966	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34967	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34969	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34971	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34973	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34975	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34976	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34977	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu34978	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34979	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu34982	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu34988	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34995	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu34997	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35000	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35002	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35003	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35016	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35019	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35021	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35025	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35030	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35031	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35034	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35036	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu35037	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35038	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35040	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35042	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35043	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35044	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35045	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35046	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35047	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35049	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35050	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35051	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35052	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35053	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35055	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35059	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35062	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35063	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35067	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35072	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35073	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35074	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35076	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35079	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35081	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35082	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35083	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu35091	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35092	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35095	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35096	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu35098	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35099	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35102	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35104	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35107	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu35113	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35117	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35121	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35123	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35126	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35127	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35130	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35131	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35132	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35134	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35139	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35140	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35141	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35143	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35144	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu35150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35152	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35154	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35155	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35161	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35162	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35163	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35164	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35172	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35175	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu35179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35182	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35184	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35188	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35190	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35193	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35203	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35208	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35209	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	AK8	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified	AK8_unclassified
otu35210	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35211	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35223	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35224	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35225	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35226	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35227	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35234	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35237	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35238	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35239	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35243	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35244	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35246	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35247	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35248	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35249	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35253	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35257	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35261	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35266	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35267	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35268	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35272	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35273	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35274	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35276	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35283	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35284	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35285	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35286	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35288	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35289	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35291	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35292	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35293	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35294	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35298	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35301	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35302	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35304	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35305	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35308	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35309	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35312	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35315	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35316	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Candidatus Aenigmarchaeum
otu35318	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35319	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35324	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35329	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35330	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35333	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified	Thaumarchaeota_unclassified
otu35334	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35335	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35336	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35337	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35339	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35342	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35343	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35344	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35345	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu35349	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35351	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu35356	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35357	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35361	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35362	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35363	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35366	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35369	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35372	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu35376	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35378	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35383	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35386	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35390	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35391	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35392	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35393	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35394	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35399	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35401	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu35402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35405	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35417	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35418	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)	Miscellaneous Euryarchaeotic Group(MEG)_unclassified
otu35423	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35431	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35432	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35433	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35434	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35437	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35438	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35439	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35440	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35443	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35446	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35449	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35450	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35456	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35463	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35466	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35467	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	SM1K20	SM1K20_unclassified
otu35469	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35472	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35473	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35476	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35477	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35481	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35484	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35487	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35491	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35493	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35494	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu35495	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35496	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35505	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35506	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35508	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu35512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35515	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35516	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35517	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35518	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	VC2.1 Arc6	VC2.1 Arc6_unclassified
otu35524	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35525	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35526	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35527	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35531	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35532	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35535	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35536	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35542	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35543	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35545	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35547	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35551	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35553	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35558	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	20a-9	20a-9_unclassified	20a-9_unclassified
otu35560	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35561	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35562	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35563	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35565	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35567	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35568	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35569	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35572	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35574	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35575	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35576	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35578	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group A	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group A_unclassified
otu35580	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35582	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35589	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35591	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35595	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35596	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35597	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35598	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35603	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35605	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35612	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35613	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35614	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35616	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35622	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	GoM-Arch87	GoM-Arch87_unclassified
otu35625	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35634	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35647	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35651	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35652	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35654	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35655	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35657	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35661	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35662	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35664	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu35669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35670	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35680	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35681	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35692	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35695	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35696	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35707	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35708	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35709	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35710	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35713	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35714	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35715	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35718	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35724	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35725	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	20c-4	20c-4_unclassified
otu35726	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35727	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35729	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35730	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35733	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)	Deep Sea Euryarchaeotic Group(DSEG)_unclassified
otu35740	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35743	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Group II	Marine Group II_unclassified
otu35755	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35757	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35758	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35759	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35763	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35765	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35769	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35770	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35773	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)	Marine Hydrothermal Vent Group(MHVG)_unclassified
otu35779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35780	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35781	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35782	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35784	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35787	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35793	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35794	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35795	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35796	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35798	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35810	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35812	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35816	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35818	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35819	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35822	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35824	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
otu35826	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35827	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35828	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35833	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35834	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	CCA47	CCA47_unclassified
otu35836	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35837	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35841	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35842	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35844	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35845	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35849	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu35851	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35854	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	AMOS1A-4113-D04	AMOS1A-4113-D04_unclassified
otu35856	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Group C3	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified	Group C3_unclassified
otu35859	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35861	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35862	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35866	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Marine Benthic Group E	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group E_unclassified
otu35869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35872	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35873	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified	Miscellaneous Crenarchaeotic Group_unclassified
otu35875	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35878	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Benthic Group B	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified	Marine Benthic Group B_unclassified
otu35880	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35882	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum
otu35883	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35886	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35888	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35890	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35892	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1	Marine Benthic Group D and DHVEG-1_unclassified
otu35893	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus
otu35896	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35897	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Marine Group I Incertae Sedis	Candidatus Nitrosopumilus
otu35899	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35905	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35906	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35907	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35912	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)	Deep Sea Hydrothermal Vent Gp 6(DHVEG-6)_unclassified
otu35914	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Marine Group I	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified	Marine Group I_unclassified
